Codiphi protocol
---
Define your own wargame codex (or use someone else's) in human-readable file structure
Declare your army list as a simple json construct
Codiphi will complete, validate and price your list

Basic Instructions
---
1. Find or write your schematic file
The schematic describes what makes a list legal or illegal.  We've tried to make this a very natural structure that's easy to read and manage.  Here's a simple example:

    model :hero {
      cost 100
    }
    list { 
      cost_measure "points"
      expects 1 :hero
    }

This schematic declares:
  "A named :hero that costs 100 units"
  "Any list created under this schematic is priced in points."
  "Any list created under this schematic requires at least one :hero model."

You can also ask a friend for theirs.

2. Build out your list
Write a YAML-formatted file that makes selections for your army.  Every list file must include a "list" root node that contains a "schematic" attribute.  Here's an example list:

  {
      "list":
      {
          "description": "First Man Standing",
          "schematic": "test/hero1",
          "author":"Codiphi Developer",
          "author_email":"development@flipstone.com",
          "variant": "legal",
          "version": "1",
          "model":{
              "type":"hero",
              "description":"Neo",
              "count":1
          }
      }
  }

3. Run codiphi on your list

codiphi my_list_file.json

This will generate a similar json to the one created, but decorated with either attributes from the codiphile or with validation errors describing why the list is not legal under the schematic.

schematics.codiphi.org
---
think rubygems.org for codiphi: People can share and trade Codex implementations- maybe fork, but importantly, reference public schematics in list jsons.
Open account
Upload Codiphi schematics
Server Validates schematics
Server tracks downloads
Server allows rating

Codiphi Adjutant
---
Tabletop wargaming assistant application (tablet delivered)

View Codiphi lists
Build/Edit Codiphi lists
Richly rendered Codiphi lists
Manage Codiphi lists
Light codiphi.org integration
Generate battle reports

Relevant domains to pursue:
 - adjutant.codiphi.org
 - Codiphi.org codiphile.org codiphi.com
 - batrep.org
